---
layout: post
title:  "My Resume"
author: "Carsen Cote"
---

## **Carsen Cote**

carsen.p.m.cote@gmail.com / (204)612-7537 / [Linkedin](www.linkedin.com/in/carsen-cote-6a6a05189) / [Github](https://github.com/CarsenCote)

#### **EDUCATION**
---

**The University of Manitoba** \| Winnipeg, MB - **(Sep 2019 - Present)**   
**(In progress) BSc in Computer Science** \| GPA: 3.5/4.0  
**Relevant courses:** Analysis of Algorithms, Data Structures, Object Orientation

#### **TECHNICAL SKILLS**
---

**Programming Languages:** Java (Advanced), JavaScript (Intermediate), C++ (Intermediate), C (Beginner) 
**Technical Tools:** Git, Unity, Blender 
**Operating Systems:** Windows (Advanced), UNIX (Beginner)  

#### **PROJECTS**
---

**LibCarry  \| Personal Project (Dec 2024 - Present)** 
- Utilized the ReactJS framework to develop a fully interactive frontend, using ReactRedux to handle front end application state and API queries with the backend.
- Implemented a RESTful API with the ExpressJS framework within NodeJS, to allow communication between the frontend and backend.
- Built interactions with the APIs of services such as Spotify, and Apple Music to serve functionality within the application.

**Hero Arena (MOBA) \| Personal Project (Oct 2024 - Present)**
- Learned how to develop a small 3D game project within the Unity game engine.
- Produced my own simple 3D game models and animations in Blender and utilized them within the game.

#### **PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE**
---

**Shift Leader \| Canna Cabana \| Winnipeg, MB (Dec 2022 - Present)**
- Acquired many invaluable leadership skills including: efficient delegation of tasks, and excellent conflict resolution.
- Learned how to build and maintain good morale in the workplace, encouraging employee productivity and satisfaction.

**Store Worker \| Boulevard Fine Meats \| Winnipeg, MB (Mar 2022 - Dec 2022)**
- Utilized service experience and extensive knowledge of our products to provide customers with a great in-store experience.

**Store Worker \| St. Pierre Bigway \| St. Pierre Jolys, MB (Dec 2019 - Oct 2021)**
- Provided in-depth and full training to new staff in the effective usage of store management systems and technology, and assisted management in the upkeep of store technology.
- Gained excellent interpersonal skills and experience in teamwork, working with a tight-knit team who actively encouraged communication and hard work.

